=The Hidden Heir Ye Chen=
(Adapted from "The Peerless Son-in-Law")
=Episode 12=
Dad,
I almost caught Ye Chen,
but Aoxue suddenly meddled!
She insisted on an one-on-one fight
with him.
Then Ye Chen suddenly...
Enough!
Aoxue went to clean up your mess.
And you're blaming her for it?
I think you've become more useless
by the day.
Dad, don't worry. How about this?
I'll bring over some men
and take the vase back...
It's too late!
What we should be thinking about now is
whether Ye Chen
will come steal our things.
What's wrong, Aoxue?
Why are you crying?
What happened, sweetheart?
(A woman acted strangely on the street)
It's because of the video.
(Performance art or a sudden incident?)
Go.
Tell that blogger
to take the video down.
Tell him I'm sending a lawyer's letter
to sue him.
I-I'll handle it.
I'll take care of it now.
What a mess.
This is so embarrassing.
- This is beyond embarrassing!
- Alright, c'mon.
Don't cry anymore. Be good.
Listen to me.
Some bloggers these days
will say anything
just for a bit of traffic.
You know why?
Because no one keeps them in check.
What I want to remind you of is
that Ye Chen
is quite cunning too.
Just like those bloggers,
he used some underhanded tricks
to beat you.
So you shouldn't feel ashamed.
My little sweetheart,
you are absolutely
the best.
This is so humiliating!
Everyone saw it!
Alright, stop crying.
You're back.
Did you fall asleep waiting for me?
Are you alright?
Look what I brought you.
Returned to its rightful owner.
It really is Grandpa's medicine jar.
Yeah.
Thank you, Ye Chen.
No, I should be thanking you.
If I hadn't gone to the Ghost Market
to look for this jar,
I wouldn't have remembered
that Mr. Quan once taught me
how to appraise antiques.
Did you change the chip
in your brain recently?
Why are there so many surprises lately?
I think it's more like
a system reboot.
I'll make sure you realize
you've found yourself
a treasure of a boyfriend.
More like a smug boyfriend.
By the way,
why is the Qin family
so determined to take that vase?
I think
it's probably because
the two of us teamed up
to confront them earlier.
They're still holding a grudge,
so they purposely create trouble.
Let's not talk about that.
You're the chairman now.
You should focus
on cooperating well with Dihao Group.
You've got big responsibilities.
Just focus on your work.
(Welcome Home, Residents)
You should've stayed home
and gotten some rest.
Why did you come out?
We need to have a proper celebration.
And scout a venue while we're at it.
Does it really have to be this grand?
Of course it does.
And I've got another surprise for you.
(Challenge Letter)
(You caught me off guard last time,
so it doesn't count.)
(Let's have a rematch in three days!)
Aoxue, right?
Let me give you some advice.
Better to settle grudges
than deepen them.
Let's just let this go.
Come on.
No way!
Meet me at the gym in three days.
We'll have a proper fight.
I'll make sure everyone knows
that Qin Aoxue is no weakling.
Of course you're not a weakling.
Then who is she?
Let me introduce her.
She's the fiercest little chili
in the universe.
You happy?
Fame means nothing.
Just let the wind carry it away.
Ye Chen, why are you such a coward?
And you call yourself a martial artist?
Don't you know
I'm the most useless live-in son-in-law
in the entire universe?
Alright, stop talking.
We're leaving.
Oh right!
Tell your father
I've already retired
from the martial world.
Tell him not to bother me,
even if something comes up.
What a lunatic.
Listen, let me explain.
My engagement to Wang Yunfei was forced
by our families.
I don't like him at all.
Nothing ever happened between us.
Can you just give me some peace?
Aodong,
only after meeting you
did I finally understand
what a real man is
and what true love is.
Wait.
Is this a place
someone like you can come?
What,
did you own this place?
Or are only rich young masters like you
and spoiled heiresses like her
allowed to come here?
This is Buckingham Palace.
Only VIPs can enter, understand?
And how do you know I'm not a VIP?
VIP membership requires
a ten-million deposit.
Do you have that?
Ten million?
Yup.
Hey you!
What kind of management is this?
Why did you let trash like him in?
Are we supposed to dine
with people like this?
Why haven't you thrown him out yet?
Just looking at him ruins my appetite.
Sir, ma'am,
I'm very sorry.
Mr. Ye has just officially become
a Platinum Distinguished Member,
even higher than VIP.
I came here to check out the place.
But since the two of you are here,
this meal is on me.
(Li, call the guys over
to Buckingham Palace.)
(I need a favor.
Bring as many people as possible.)
Please wait a moment.
My friends will be here shortly.
Enjoy your meal.
Chen,
this isn't us helping you.
You're the one treating us
to a big feast!
Thank you, Chen!
The fact that you all came today
is already the biggest help to me.
Everyone, eat as much as you like.
- Alright!
Sure.
Come on, everyone.
- Thank you, Chen!
Go ahead and eat.
Go on, eat!
What are you waiting for?
I'm paying, it's fine.
You people are acting so superior
over a simple meal.
Look at you showing off.
Bro.
Yes, Mr. Ye?
I'd like to reserve
the Sky Garden upstairs
to have dinner with my wife.
Mr. Ye, I'm sorry.
Since Buckingham Palace opened,
we've never offered private bookings.
There's always a first time.
Just do me this favor.
Please.
Mr. Ye, you're really good to your wife.
For that alone,
I'll arrange it right away.
Thank you, thank you.
♪You're always drifting near,
then far away♪
♪Like a wandering cloud in the sky♪
♪You always leave me hard to read♪
♪So I can only follow like your shadow♪
♪My eyes flicker between light and dark♪
♪Only because of you
they change like the weather♪
♪Tears drift low through the air
for no reason♪
Buckingham Palace.
Grandpa designed it himself back then.
♪But they're just echoes of longing♪
♪Ticking on until the dawn♪
Why are there so many people here?
(No other guest is allowed.)
This must be the first time
Buckingham Palace
has been fully reserved, right?
I heard a mysterious tycoon booked it
to spend a romantic evening
with his wife.
His wife must be so lucky.
Mr. Ye and Ms. Xiao,
we warmly welcome you
to Buckingham Palace.
- Welcome.
Ye Chen,
are you the mysterious tycoon
everyone outside is talking about?
Don't I look the part?
Aren't I mysterious enough?
Rich enough?
What's going on?
You'll know once we go in.
- Welcome.
Now that's the real mysterious tycoon.
Aren't they just acting?
But they don't know
that you already know.
So I let them keep acting.
Otherwise, who could afford
to book the entire Buckingham Palace?
How can you play both sides like this?
Actually, has never...
Just pretend you didn't see through it.
Let's do a good deed.
Watch your expressions.
Hi.
Book the Sky Garden
at Buckingham Palace?
Mr. Ye, isn't this a bit too...
Flashy?
Xiao Churan will definitely...
Get suspicious.
That's why
I need the two of you
to keep acting for me.
Does it have to be Buckingham Palace?
Yes it has to be Buckingham Palace.
Because that place
means something special to Churan.
Only then
can she truly feel
the overwhelming love I have for her.
Love...
Love!
This isn't just love!
It's romance!
That's so touching.
I think
we have to help him with this.
Don't you agree,
Ms. Wang?
Mm.
Sorry, Churan.
I have to trouble you two again today.
No, we're the ones troubling you.
There's an issue at the company.
I have to head back first.
Sorry.
That urgent?
Yes.
Company matters can't wait.
Daokun, don't you have
something urgent too?
Uh... no, I'm fine.
The food hasn't even been served yet.
Don't you need to give me a ride?
Of course...
I'll give you a ride.
Then sorry, we'll head out first.
The bill's already been paid.
Don't let the food go to waste.
But...
- Don't waste it!
- You're leaving?
Kun, the dishes
haven't even been served yet.
Dongxue!
But...
They're already gone.
When Grandpa designed
this Buckingham Palace,
I was still in elementary school.
It was the work he was most proud of
in his entire life.
Churan,
I believe you'll design something
just as amazing as Grandpa did.
Cheers.
Ye Chen.
Thank you.
How will you thank me?
How do you want me to thank you?
Our marriage agreement
is almost up, right?
So tell me, when can I officially
become your husband?
So this is what you've been waiting for.
I'm just trying to try my luck.
In that case...
I'll think about it.
Then I'll wait for your good news.
Mmm.
Madam Li.
When were you discharged
from the hospital?
Why didn't you tell me?
I could've gone to pick you up.
Chen wouldn't let me say anything.
He said he wanted
to give you a surprise.
Osmanthus cakes?
Thank you, Madam Li.
Churan,
I got very ill once when I was a kid.
I couldn't eat anything
and I survived on her osmanthus cakes.
Delicious!
I want some too!
♪If dreams are truly out of reach♪
♪Then how did I end up meeting you?♪
♪If everything is destined♪
♪Then how can I get closer to you?♪
Madam Li,
let us take you home.
No need.
The doctor
recommended I get a bit more exercise.
Madam Li, make sure you take good care
of your health once you're home.
When Ye Chen and I have time,
we'll come visit you.
Alright.
Don't worry.
You two head back now.
Inform us when you get home.
Be careful.
- Let's go.
- Mmm.
♪They said I was only meant
to gaze at the light♪
♪Never knowing I am the flame itself♪
♪I am fireworks, not a fire cast aside♪
♪I open my eyes amid the ruins♪
♪No one shields me
from the wind or the sky♪
♪Let them mock, let them sneer♪
♪I sharpen my silence into blades♪
♪Every cold word, I remember♪
♪Etching my path of defiance
into my heart♪
♪Fate did not sign my future for me♪
♪I carved my own light
with clenched fists♪
♪I belong to no one♪
♪I am the ember
that refuses to bow to destiny♪
♪Even if the world burns me into ash♪
♪I will rise upon those ashes♪